AWS authentication and access control

Earlier we created an IAM user identity to connect to our hosted Dynamo DB tables. Let's talk about how you configure access to those Dynamo DB tables. The AWS account root has permission for all resources in your subscription. It is however, not recommended that you do everyday tasks with your AWS root account. The IAM user mentioned earlier has specific permissions. You can grant your IAM user access to Dynamo DB management console. And you can also grant access keys for programmatic access, such as using a library like Node.js, or through the CLI. Permissions are applied through policies in the AWS management console. The main policies that exist are Amazon Dynamo DB Read Only Access, which provides read only access to resources via the AWS management console only, Amazon Dynamo DB Full Access, which grants full access to Dynamo DB, using the AWS console and Amazon DB Full Access with Data Pipeline, which provides full access, including importing and exporting data from Dynamo DB, using AWS's data pipeline. You can bundle Dynamo DB permissions into a custom policy as well, but that's beyond the scope of this course. So let's browse to the console and set up a user ourselves. I've opened the portal to the identity and access management, or IAM, in my Amazon management console and I'm going to select my users. And you see I've already created a user here called IAMSAP, which we've been using earlier, but I just want to show you how these permissions are set up one more time. Notice the policy I've attached, Amazon Dynamo DB full access. If I expand upon this, I can actually see the permissions that exist within this policy. If I want to change the policy at any time, I can add permissions, and I can select individual permissions, create groups, or attach existing policies directly. If I search for Dynamo DB, I'll see the Dynamo-related policies here. So if I decide this user doesn't need full access, I can give them read only access if I want, or some other permission, such as that.